Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Now squeeze
the icing from the bottom.
Then ever so lightly
just glide along.
That's right.
- So who taught you
how to do this. Daddy?
- My dad.
And someday you'll
teach our children.
One day this'll be yours. Sadie.
- Only if that's what she wants.
You can be anything
you want. Sadie.
A doctor. a lawyer.
or a scientist.
The sky's the limit.
Maybe you'll
be an astronaut.
- I wanna be a great
chocolatier. just like Daddy.
Sadie.
- Maggie. you wanted to see me?
- Come on in. Sit down.
We heard back from the client.
You did?
- They were very positive.
They love your new ideas.
But they decided to
stick with last year's campaign.
- They said they
wanted something fresh.
- Apparently. fresh meant
a new font or new colors.
Hmm. I know it's disappointing.
You put a lot of time
into that project.
- I can come up with
something different.
- You did a great job. They're
just not ready for a change.
So are you going away
for the holidays?
- No. I'm staying here.
I mean. not here but in town.
So if you need anything.
I'm 100% available.
- That's what I like to hear.
Merry Christmas. Sadie.
- You too.
- Maybe once a year or so.
And...
Oh. sorry.
Hello.
Michael. are
you at the airport?
- No. I'm stuck at this
Christmas work thing. You know?
- Can't you just sneak out?
- Wish I could. but
it's a sit-down dinner.
Can't just leave.
- You're gonna miss your flight.
I can't help it.
- Should I check
flights for tomorrow?
- No. no. don't do that.
I was thinking I
might just stay.
It's actually kind of nice
here during the holidays.
- But we made plans.
- Oh. I know. but
work's been so busy
and you know. I could
really use some time off.
You get it.
- No. I know. I've
been busy too.
but I made my plans around you.
- Oh. I hate that.
But I think this is best.
When I get back in the
States. I'll give you a call.
- Okay?
- I gotta get back to the party.
- I thought you said
it wasn't a party.
- Can't hear you.
Merry Christmas. Sadie.
- You too.
- Hey.
- You take off early?
- There wasn't much
going on today.
- Are you gonna eat the
rest of the Thai food?
- No. go ahead.
I need to finish packing.
- What? Why?
- I'm going home.
For what?
- 'Cause Michael's staying
in Europe for the holidays.
So there's no reason
for me to stay.
You're leaving.
- I can't believe he did that.
I'm sorry.
- Don't be.
He's not the one.
He made that very clear.
Early new year's resolution.
no waiting around for
boys to act like men.
- Agreed. No more
waiting around.
- Are you gonna wear this?
- It's a gift from
my mom.
My boss said they
really liked my ideas.
but they're sticking with
what they already have.
- At least I liked your ideas.
- Doesn't matter
if you don't win.
It's like a participation award.
- I'm never using
their products again.
- Thanks.
- Are you leaving
tomorrow morning?
- Yep. Only one flight left.
- Good. That means we can
open presents tonight.
- You're gonna love your
matching Christmas sweater.
- Oh. do you remember this one?
I think it was third
or was it fourth grade?
- I remember making this.
- I'm so glad you made it home.
- Decorating the tree without
you just isn't the same.
- And I thought you'd
already have enough by now.
- Yeah. well. every year
Christmas comes quicker
or I'm getting slower.
- Has the shop been busy.
- That time of year.
- I could help out if
you want? I have time.
- That would be great.
- Your dad wants to
tell you something.
- What is it?
- Well. we didn't wanna
tell you over the phone.
- I don't like the way I look
on his face calls.
- What's wrong? Are you okay?
- We sold the place.
We're retiring.
- You're kidding?
- It's exciting isn't it?
- But you're not old.
Why would you retire?
You love it.
- That's sweet. But we are
older than we used to be.
- That's what I thought.
but Alex made us an offer.
- Just because
someone wants to buy
doesn't mean you have to sell.
- Oh. honey. we don't
wanna work forever.
- Your mother wants to travel.
Before we get
too old to enjoy it.
- You remember my friend Harry?
He retired and he
plays golf every day.
- But you've never
once played golf.
- Exactly. Now
I'll have the time.
- And we'll be
able to visit you.
- You never know
when an opportunity
like this'll come again.
- I just can't imagine
us without Annedore's.
Especially this time of year.
- You should meet him.
- You'll like him.
Come
by in the morning.
- Yeah. maybe.
You're happy I'm
home. aren't you?
What are you gonna do
while Dad's playing golf?
- Hmm. Maybe I'll
take up a new hobby.
- Next time I come home.
you'll be doing yoga.
and Dad's gonna be
wearing white shoes.
- Sadie. you know we didn't
make this decision lightly.
Annedore's is like
part of our family
and I know it feels like that
we're handing her
off to a stranger.
- Who's the stranger?
- Alex Mitchell. He's very nice.
Think you will like him.
You just gotta
give him a chance.
- I'm meeting Taylor first
thing in the morning.
I can stop by after that.
- That's a great idea.
You want some more sprinkles?
You don't have any sprinkles.
- Yes. please. I think
it's sprinkle time.
We're decorating the Christmas
tree and all of a sudden.
they basically said.
"Merry Christmas.
"we've sold your
childhood memories."
- I don't think you
can sell memories.
- How could they sell
Annedore's without telling me?
- They probably knew
how you'd react.
- Thought it was
going to be mine.
- Maybe they thought you
weren't interested anymore.
You did move away.
- I'm still part of the family.
- So you'd move back
and take over the store?
- I don't know. but
I'd like to be asked.
So tell them.
- Why? It's already done.
- You thought you were spending
Christmas in California.
but here you are with me.
When I was a kid.
I thought I was going to
work at Annedore's forever.
When did things
get so complicated?
- I think it's called
being an adult.
- I have to go and
meet Mr. Scrooge.
who's stealing Christmas.
- Scrooge was stingy. He
didn't steal Christmas.
- That's why I
didn't like playing
Christmas trivia
with you.
- Well. call me and we'll
go Christmas shopping.
- I will.
- Oh!
- You don't think
he saw that. do you?
Probably not.
Maybe.
Who cares? You'll
never see him again.
- Oh my gosh.
- Sadie. you made it.
- I think I miss the smell
of chocolate most of all.
- Oh.
Well. I'm gonna sneak
in just for the smell.
I can't go cold turkey.
- Where's Ebenezer?
- What?
The buyer.
- Oh. Alex? He's not in yet.
- He obviously
doesn't have any idea
what it takes to make chocolate.
The early mornings.
the late nights.
- Try to be nice. He's learning.
- I will. but he needs to
know what he's getting into.
It's only fair.
Morning.
- Good morning. Alex.
Alex. I'd like you to
meet my daughter. Sadie.
Sadie. Alex.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
I've heard so many
wonderful things about you.
Your dad goes on and on.
- He has?
- Yes.
And I think Sadie would
be the perfect person
to finish your training. Alex.
She was just reminding
me of a few things
she thought you
might need to know.
Right. Sadie?
- Me? No.
It's been so long.
I don't think I should be
teaching anyone anything.
- Don't be silly.
You can make a perfect
truffle in your sleep.
- Well. I'm a willing student.
- Fine.
Where do we start?
- Well. do you know what it
takes to be a chocolatier?
- Chocolate.
- Yes. And commitment.
- Okay.
- It's long hours. not just
when the store is open.
you have to be here early.
and you're here late.
Do you think you're up to that?
- Well. I had to travel
a lot for my last job.
So as long as I could
just sleep in my own bed.
I'll be fine.
- People don't realize.
chocolate's not
all fun and games.
It's a lot of work.
- I'm ready.
- A lot of these recipes
were handed down
from my grandfather.
So I wouldn't want them
to be given to someone
that doesn't realize just
how special they are.
They took years to perfect.
- I realize.
- There are plenty
of competitors
that would like to get
their hands on our recipes.
- I will guard them
with my life. Okay?
I mean. not literally.
obviously. but I'll
keep them safe.
- Do you know anything?
- About chocolate?
- Yes. about chocolate.
- You know. so far.
your dad's just shown me
the business side of things.
So. no. but I'm a fast learner.
- It's not a race.
You don't learn chocolate fast.
- Right.
- We'll start with truffles.
- Like mushrooms?
- Let's start at
the very beginning.
- Works for me.
- Chocolate truffles
got their name
because they resemble
a very expensive fungus
found in Italy and France.
- And truffle sounds a lot
more appetizing than fungus.
- The chocolate truffle was
discovered by accident really.
The assistant for a French
chef accidentally spilled
hot cream into a bowl of
expensive chopped chocolate.
He was very angry. but
when he stirred it.
it became a sauce. and
when it cooled it hardened.
He worked the chocolate
paste with his hands
until it formed a bumpy
walnut-sized ball.
And he rolled it in cocoa powder
and it looked a
lot like a truffle.
And that's where
they got their name.
- Now. it's your turn.
Here it goes nothing.
- You know. your parents said
you were a natural at this.
I don't think they
were exaggerating.
- I grew up watching my father.
I knew how to make chocolates
before I knew how
to tie my shoe.
At least. that's
what they tell me.
- I understand why you
wouldn't want me here.
- What?
- I don't blame you.
I mean. you're
teaching me something
that you've known how
to do your entire life.
only for me to take
it away from you.
- You're not taking
anything away from me.
- Okay. Guess I was wrong.
- I'm happy for them.
Why wouldn't I be?
- Nailed it.
What's next.
- That. again.
- You're tougher than you look.
- Do you wanna
learn this online?
- No. No. definitely not.
I'm kidding. Show me
one more time. please.
- You can't skimp
on the chocolate.
You have to chop the
pieces really fine.
Once you mix it with the cream.
wait for it to cool.
and roll it into balls.
Got it?
- Got it.
- Now we can move on.
- Okay.
So how did today go?
- A little bumpy
with Alex today.
She's concerned he's
not serious enough.
No one's
serious enough for Sadie.
- First. she gave him the
complete history of the truffle.
I'm not sure
he needs that much detail.
Did she get around to
showing him how to make them?
- You should have seen her.
It was like she never left.
- Thanks.
- I hear your dad coerced you
into working with Alex today.
- You said to be supportive.
So I'm being supportive.
- What'd you think of him?
Change is never easy.
- It's gonna be weird.
No Annedore's.
Seriously. what
are you gonna do?
- I don't know.
Maybe we'll get one of
those big motorhomes
and travel all over.
Just see where the
wind blows us.
- You really want
this. don't you?
- Annedore's is just
one piece of our life.
It's not our entire identity.
And now it's over.
- I guess so.
- I'm excited to see what
the next chapter looks like.
- You're right. I've only
been thinking about me.
not you and Dad.
- And I'm sorry things with
Michael didn't turn out.
but I'm glad you're here.
- Me too.
- It's gonna be a
great Christmas.
We should have a
party. A retirement party.
- We don't need to add one
more thing to the list.
- I know. but we
have to celebrate
what you and Dad have
done. and what comes next.
- That's very thoughtful. Sadie.
- We can have it
on Christmas Eve.
We used to have people over
on Christmas Eve all the time.
- But Christmas Eve
is only a week away.
- I'll take care of
everything. I promise.
- Sounds like you have
your mind made up.
Just like when you
were a little girl.
Night. honey.
- Night.
Morning.
You're here
early this morning.
- Chocolate doesn't
make itself. sir.
- Very funny.
- No. it's not. I take
chocolate very seriously.
- I may have been a tad
bit harsh yesterday.
- I'm just surprised you
showed up at all today.
I figured you had
better things to do
with your Christmas vacation.
then spend it here with me.
- That's where you're wrong.
I have absolutely
nothing better to do.
You know what I mean.
- There's nowhere
else you'd rather be?
- Well. I could go Christmas
shopping if you prefer?
It's up to you.
- No. please. stay.
- Okay.
I thought we could start with
peanut brittle this morning
and then move on to toffee.
- Okay.
- We only make peanut
brittle around the holidays.
but everyone loves.
- So why not keep it
in stock all year?
- We like to keep what we make
to a limited number of items.
that way we can make
everything in-store.
- So why not outsource it then?
- Because that's
not how we do it.
- Did you ever hear the story
of the girl who asked her mom
why she cut the ends off of
her ham before she cooked it?
- No.
- Well. her mom
said it's because
that's how her mother did it.
So she called her mom
and asked her why she cut
the ends off of her ham?
And her mother said
she didn't have a pot
big enough to cook it in.
- Well. have you ever
heard the saying.
if it ain't broke. don't fix it?
- Touche. Carry on.
- Okay.
Are we done telling stories?
- If I find a few ways
to help the bottom line.
I don't think that's a crime.
- Okay. Forget peanut brittle.
someone else will make that.
How do you feel about toffee?
- Feel great about it.
- Okay.
- Both caramel and toffee
are a process of
caramelizing the sugar.
That's where you get
that smoky taste.
- And caramel is chewier. right?
- You cook toffee at
a higher temperature.
That's what makes it crunchy.
Now we let that cool.
and then we can cut
it into squares.
and dip it in milk
or dark chocolate.
- Mm. dark chocolate.
Definitely.
That's my favorite.
- Mine too.
Throwing a party for my parents
to celebrate their retirement.
It's Christmas Eve.
You should come.
- Really?
- You are the reason
they're retiring.
And you can bring
someone if you want?
- Okay. well. do you need me
to bring any food or anything?
- No. I'm hiring a caterer
and I'm making the dessert.
- Well. if you change your
mind. I make a mean toffee.
- I'll keep that in mind.
- Oh.
- You need to go?
- Yeah. I have to be someplace.
but just for this week.
I promise I'm 100%
committed to chocolate.
- What about this one?
- Oh. that's lovely.
- Looks good to me.
- Okay. "December
24th. 7:00 p.m."
Can you send me your
guest list today?
- Seems like an awful
lot of work for you?
- It's fine. I have
everything under control.
- You'll be too busy to
finish Alex's training.
- No. it's okay. I can do it.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. of course.
- Thank goodness.
Teaching new employees has
never been my strong suit.
- He's not gonna be
an employee. Dad.
He's going to be
running the business.
so he needs to know
everything he can.
Sticky drunken pears?
Mm-mm
- Blood orange souffles?
- Blood?
- Sticky toffee pudding?
- What about figgy pudding?
- This is it.
- Hmm.
- I could make
everyone their own
individual gingerbread house.
- How many guests will there be?
- Not sure yet.
- I've always wanted to learn
how to build a
gingerbread house.
- Well. let's do it.
- Now?
Okay.
Well. I have. we just
used graham cracker.
- Graham crackers?
- Yeah.
Use them as the building blocks
and then we just
cover it all candy.
- A lot of people make
their houses for structure
and forget about the taste.
But my grandfather's recipe
is both strong and delicious.
So you don't have to worry
about them falling apart.
- Why don't you just make
one of those big castles
or like one big
skyscraper or something?
Like they do in
those competitions?
- Gingerbread houses
are about tradition.
Like the ones we make
every year. not a contest.
- Right.
- Besides. there's no way to
improve on a little cottage
that looks like it's
from a fairytale.
- Yeah.
Yeah. if it ain't broke...
The guest list.
- Showing Alex how
to make gingerbread.
- The secret is just the
right amount of strength
to hold it together.
Good to know.
- We're gonna need a few more
gingerbread houses
than I thought.
- How many?
- Like. maybe. 50?
- People?
- I don't know. I'll just
have to make it work.
- Okay.
- My mom just sent another list.
How many on that?
- There's just as
many or maybe more.
That many people won't
even fit in our house.
- Well. they won't all come.
They never do.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
All right. why don't
you just explain to them
that they need to
pare-down their lists?
Tell them you weren't
expecting that many.
- I can't.
How do you tell someone
to choose between friends?
- What are you gonna do?
- Find a bigger place. order
more food. buy decorations.
Take out a loan.
The 24th.
Yes. this year.
Okay. Thanks.
Is there anywhere else
you could recommend?
No. you're right. Next time
I'll plan further ahead.
Thanks.
- Any luck?
If wanna
have it next year.
- Oh.
You know. I might know of
a place you can have it.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Let me make a call.
That would
be great. Thank you.
- Of course.
- It needs to be big enough
to accommodate 100 people.
but not too big either.
I want it to feel warm and cozy.
- Okay. Big but not too big.
Warm and cozy.
Got it. Anything else?
- Nope. That's it.
- Okay. I'll be back.
Thank you.
Hasn't this place
been closed for years?
- Yeah. Let me get the lights.
Do you know Ernest Hemingway
sat right there
by the fireplace?
Frank Sinatra. Bob
Hope. even The Beatles.
They all stayed here.
- Thanks for the
historical tour.
but I can't afford this place.
- Just picture it filled
with Christmas decorations.
- It's beautiful. but it's
way more than I can spend.
- Every other place is booked.
- I'll keep looking.
There's gotta be some.
- Hey. if you like
it. it's yours.
- How?
- Let's just say I have a
friend that knows a guy.
Just have to leave it
exactly how we found it.
- You're kidding?
- You like it?
- It's perfect.
We could put a big
Christmas tree over there
with food stations.
Keeps people moving
and mingling.
- I love a good food station.
- You hungry?
- Always.
- I know a place.
my true love gave to me
partridge in a pear tree
- That one's good.
That one's definitely
my favorite.
- That was my favorite too.
- How did I not know that
food tasting was the
thing before this?
Well.
- Last bite's yours.
- Are you sure?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
That says a lot about a man.
- What?
- It means you're thoughtful.
You didn't just pop
it in your mouth.
- Guess you can blame
my mother for that.
She always made me offer the
last piece to my sisters.
- How many sisters?
- Two.
I'm in the middle. and pretty
much everything you hear
about middle child is true.
- I'm none of the things you
hear about an only child.
I'm not bossy.
I'm not!
- I didn't say anything.
- Are you still close
with your family?
- Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Yeah. I am.
I moved away for a bit.
I went to Chicago after
college. then I came back here.
I like it here
though. It's home.
- I didn't even plan on coming
home for Christmas this year.
- Really?
Whatever it was that
changed your mind.
I'm glad it did.
- It was whoever.
He changed his
mind. so here I am.
- Enough said.
- Now I can't even
imagine not being here.
- For their retirement party.
- Yeah.
- The place is better than
I could have imagined.
And the food is
going to be amazing.
- Yep. Will be.
Everything will be.
- So.
- I'll send out the
invitations tonight.
- Okay.
- Give the final
selections to catering
and that just leaves
decorations and dessert.
- How long does it take to
build one gingerbread house?
- There's no way I
can make and decorate
that many gingerbread
houses in time.
- What if you make one big one?
- I'm not making a
silly skyscraper.
- All right. how about you
order a bunch of pre-made ones
and decorate those?
They'll look just like yours.
- They won't taste the same.
- Everyone just eats
the decorations anyway.
- Okay.
- Okay. I'll take care of it.
Don't worry. It's gonna be fine.
- It can't be fine.
It has to be perfect.
- And what do you
think about this one?
- It's too small.
It's not big enough.
I want a statement piece.
- A statement piece?
You're really going all out.
- They deserve it.
- Okay.
But why is the guy that's
buying your parents' place
helping you with the party?
- Because there wouldn't be a
party if it weren't for him.
- Are you sure there's not
something in it for him?
- He's just being nice.
- Maybe he likes
spending time with you?
- I don't think that's it.
We're just friends.
Not really friends.
We're friendly.
Besides he already
has a girlfriend.
- Is that what he
told you over dinner?
- It was a food tasting.
- Did you talk?
And laugh?
- Maybe once.
- Some would call that a date.
Or if you have a
girlfriend. a food tasting.
- It's not my fault.
My dad asked me to train him.
The lady doth
protest too much. methinks.
That's the one!
- Oh. that's definitely
not going in my car.
He's pretty nice.
But you should ask him who that
girl was in the coffee shop.
Okay.
- We have hot chocolate and
cookies over by the fire pit.
- Great. Thank you.
- I gotta go.
But you guys have fun.
Bye.
- Bye.
- Well. I could go for
a cookie. How about you?
- You're always hungry.
That's true.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Think that's a snowman.
Oh.
- Sorry to bother you again.
- Oh. no.
Know how many times I get called
for emergency
Christmas tree picking?
- Not too often. I hope?
- Never. actually.
- Can ask you a question?
- Shoot.
- Why are you helping
me with the party?
- I don't know.
Same reason you're helping me.
- Did my dad ask you to?
- No. No.
I mean.
it's nice. you being willing
to spend your time with me.
It's the least I can do.
- Exactly.
And you're a nice guy.
That's what I told Taylor.
- You talked about me?
Not really.
That's all right.
- She's questioning
my intentions?
- I told her you already
had a girlfriend.
- Why would you say that?
- I assumed.
- Ah. You know what they say?
- I thought there
must be someone
you always leave
at the same time.
- Impressive.
You moonlight as a detective?
Okay.
So I leave to go pick
up Francie. my daughter.
- He's a cutie. You never
mentioned her or your wife.
- My wife. Laura. she died
a little over a year ago.
- Alex. I'm so sorry.
- That's why I don't mention
it to anybody right away.
People always feel sorry for me
and start treating
me differently.
- I would have been nicer.
- Well. it's not
exactly an easy thing
to just come out and say.
- I shouldn't have
brought it up.
- No. I'm glad you did.
You two have
your picture taken yet?
- No. that's okay.
- Yeah.
- Oh. you should. You
two are cute together.
- I guess. it's picture time.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
You convinced.
- Get in close.
- Okay.
- There you go.
- Let's see.
- I like it.
- That's not bad.
So you tell Taylor that
the reason I'm helping you
is because I like
spending time with you.
- Okay.
- And that I'm a nice guy.
Got it.
- Don't forget that though.
Right.
Hey.
- Hey.
You look nice.
- Thanks.
Last night was fun.
- Yeah. it was.
We start making
hard mold chocolates in summer.
- Why so early?
- We get busy in the fall with
Halloween and Thanksgiving.
Then we have a small break
and go into Valentine's
Day and Easter.
- So you were
ahead? That's smart.
- And we always decorate early
because if we don't.
we won't have time.
- Makes sense.
- You have your tree up?
- Yeah. the tree.
Does it count if it's
less than a foot?
- A foot? That's not
a tree. that's a twig.
- Yeah.
- You haven't
decorated it have you?
- No. Heavens. no.
I wouldn't know where
to begin. honestly.
- I could help. if you want?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I mean. I'll take
all the help I can get.
- Think we have
everything we need.
- Oh! I hope so.
Francie's gonna love it.
- She is.
- You know. I don't
think I've successfully
decorated a tree before.
- Really?
Yeah. Like successful.
Surely you have?
- Look. Daddy.
Why is yours
so much better than mine?
- Sadie showed me.
- Are you sure you
haven't done this before?
- Nope.
- Well. you come
in natural talent.
- What about me? Do I
have natural talent?
- It's questionable.
You'll get there.
- Thank you.
- Oh. I love this one.
Do you have a favorite?
- This one.
- Oh. wow.
Is that your hand?
- Mm-hmm.
- I like this one too.
Can she
come to my pageant?
- So Francie wants to know
if you'll come to her
Christmas pageant at church?
- Yes. I would love to.
You tell her
what you're gonna be.
- An angel with the crown.
- With a halo.
I can't wait.
- Uh-oh.
- What?
- Seems to be a problem
with these ornaments.
They keep disappearing!
How?
- Don't eat them. Daddy.
Don't eat them?
- That one.
- This one right here?
Okay. Good choice.
What else looks yummy to you?
That one.
- Oh. this is one of
my favorites.
There you go.
And remember we have
candy-making demonstrations
every Saturday at 10
o'clock right over there.
- Thank you.
- Absolutely.
- Bye.
Bye-bye.
Don't forget to
keep your inventory turning.
- Right. yeah. Got it.
- You know what? It
will all come in time.
I've been doing
this my whole life.
- Yeah. maybe that's
why I feel like
such a klutz around you.
- Why are you doing this?
Why Annedore's?
- Well. when I was
about Francie's age.
I would stand outside the window
to the candy store
that was by our house
and just watch them
make fudge for hours.
And I thought that's something
that I wanna do one day.
You know? I wanna do something
that makes people happy.
- I get that.
Then when I got out of
college. I got a sales job.
I traveled a lot.
So when I became a single dad.
I needed something
close to home.
So I can be there for
Francie's activities.
Pick her up from school.
You know. if she's sick. or
bring her to work if I have to.
- That was my childhood
and I absolutely loved it.
They could hardly
keep me in school
because I wanted to be here.
- So why aren't you
doing this instead of me?
- You'll laugh.
- Promise. I won't.
- My freshman year of college.
I entered a gingerbread
house competition.
- Thought you hated those?
- I didn't win.
So?
- I thought it was perfect.
but the judges didn't.
So I quit.
Changed my major to marketing.
- You changed your major
over what some judges said?
- It wasn't perfect.
I know that now.
- So what? No one's perfect.
They can't be.
You just have to do your best.
- Customers don't
want to buy your best.
- Yeah. well. they
also won't buy anything
if they don't come
through the door.
- What?
- Follow me.
They don't
even sell chocolate.
- No.
But they're giving
out hot spiced cider
and they have all
sorts of gifts to sell.
You're handing them
your customers.
- You mean your customers?
- Not until January 1st.
Christmas is a big part of
your revenue for the year.
- How do we get them back?
- Well. you're the
one in marketing.
but could hand out samples.
What was it you said?
There's chocolate. but
then there's Annedore's.
Annedore's is a special.
- You can taste
it in every bite.
- And you need them to taste it.
- But before we can
give them a sample.
we have to get their attention.
- Keep them moving from
their doorway to ours.
Hm!
I'll check
my list twice.
- She's gone rogue.
It's a gorgeous eve.
Ho. ho. ho! Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas! Ho. ho. ho!
- Hey. guys.
- Merry Christmas!
- Hi!
- Thank you so much.
- We've been here so long.
I just assumed
everyone knew about us.
I forgot about marketing.
- Sometimes it takes
a fresh set of eyes
to really see what's
in front of you.
- I'm not sure who
did all of this.
- Oh. definitely...
- Well. you make a good team.
This is great.
- Glad you like it.
- Thanks.
- Of course. Dad
- Ho. ho. ho!
Merry Christmas!
You been good this year?
What you want for
Christmas. Francie?
- All right. we look
good. You ready?
One take.
- That's cute.
Only take one.
- That's all we need.
Look at her.
Go ahead. pet him. Francie.
Oh. and she loves it.
- It's cute.
boughs of holly
It's
gonna look amazing.
- I don't know what
I would've done
if Alex hadn't found this place.
- Sounds like the Scrooge
isn't so bad to have
around after all.
- He's different than the
guys I've dated before.
He's responsible and he doesn't
get so absorbed in his work
that he doesn't think
about anyone else.
And he makes me laugh.
- That's what I
want for Christmas.
- I haven't told
anyone else this.
but I might not wanna go back.
Need some help?
- Hey. when did you get here?
- Just now.
- Good. I'm glad you're here.
- Well. I hope you
still feel that way
after what I'm
about to tell you.
- Okay?
- You know the gingerbread
houses I ordered
to save you time?
- Are they here?
- No. We hit a small snag.
How small?
- Well. there's
a large snowstorm
covering the southern
part of the country.
- Okay. So?
- So the truck that
your houses are on.
they're stuck somewhere.
- When will they be here?
- Best case scenario.
Christmas Eve.
- And worse case?
- Around the 26th.
- Your best case
doesn't even work.
I can't decorate 100 gingerbread
houses in less than a day.
- I know. I know.
That's why I'm gonna help.
So will Taylor.
- No. I need an assembly
line of 20 people.
- Okay.
So we think of something
new. something even better.
- That's not how it works.
I have to plan and shop.
It's a process.
- Well. you have a store
full of chocolate already.
- It can't be what we do every
day. It has to be special.
- Hey. look. I've got this.
You go figure out what to do.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. and don't
worry about it.
It'll be amazing
whatever happens.
- How do you know?
Because I know you.
- Thanks. Taylor.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
I have two days to think
of an idea and execute it.
- Yeah. I'm sorry. I messed up.
- It's not your fault.
It's a snowstorm.
- Well. yeah. if I weren't
trying to cut corners
and make things easy on you.
- You know? I can't talk
about this right now.
I have to get back to the shop.
- I'll go with you.
- No. that's okay.
I need to think.
- Well. at least let me drive.
- I have my car.
- Okay. I'll walk
you out.
What can I do?
- I think we've
covered all the basics
and I'm sure you'll outsource
a lot of products anyway.
- I said I was sorry.
- It's fine. I'm just
really behind now.
- So let me help.
- That's okay.
Why don't you take
the morning off
and spend it with Francie?
I'm sure she'd love that.
- Okay.
- Why couldn't Sadie come?
- She's working.
- Why?
Because Daddy
made a mess of things.
- And Sadie has to clean it up?
- Yeah. looks like it.
- We could go help her.
- I think she a little
space right now.
- Can we buy her a present?
- Yes. we can.
That's a great idea.
Do you wanna pick it out?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
What do you think about this?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
Hey. wanna give her some money?
Here.
Now put it right in the bucket.
Merry Christmas.
Nice work. bud.
Good work.
Come on. Let's go do it.
I think she's gonna
love these gifts.
true love gave to me
three french hens
partridge in a pear tree
my true love gave to me
three french hens
- We bought you lunch.
- You did?
- Promise.
we're not here to interrupt.
just thought you might
be getting hungry.
- Did you clean up your mess?
What mess?
- The one Daddy made.
- Oh. that mess?
No. I'm still working on it.
- Hey. Francie. why
don't you go find Sherry
and she can help you pick out
a couple of treats. all right?
- Two?
- One for now. One for later.
Okay? But no more.
- Thanks for the food.
- It's the least I can do.
- I don't blame
you. I really don't.
But this is something
I need to do by myself.
- Yeah. I get that.
You're making turtles
for the party?
- No. we're just low.
So I thought I'd get that done
before I start on the dessert.
- Why don't I do this.
stay out of your hair.
and you can focus
on the dessert?
- You think you're ready
to do turtles by yourself?
- I'm ready.
- Fine.
- I got two cookies!
- Baby. those are actually-
- You want me to show
you how to make them?
Okay.
My daddy showed me
how to make macaroons
when I was just about your age.
- He did?
- Uh-huh. Sitting right there.
- Like me!
- My job was to put the cream
filling on just like this.
- I can do that.
- Okay.
All right. Slowly.
Do you know what my
favorite flavor was?
- Pink.
- How did you know that?
- That's my favorite color.
- Ah. voila!
- Very nice.
- I learned for the best.
- I don't know about that.
Okay. put them together
just like I showed you.
Slow and twist.
- Hey. thank you for doing this.
- This was a nice distraction.
- I think they call it
procrastination. actually.
- Is it that obvious?
- Still don't know what
you're gonna do. huh?
Not a clue.
- Well. I find that
inspiration strikes
when you least expect it.
- I hope so.
Do you wanna try one?
Go on.
- Ooh!
Is that good?
Yeah?
All right. baby. it's
time tell Sadie bye. okay?
- Maybe you should take a
few to share with your dad.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. Like that idea.
- What do you think? Three.
Here's a good one.
- That's very generous.
- Okay. See you later.
- Bye.
I'll see you later.
Bye.
- Listen. I hate
to bring this up
and don't feel obligated at all.
but tonight is
Francie's pageant.
- No. I know. it's
on my calendar.
I'll be there.
- You don't have to. honestly.
I'll explain to her
that you're busy.
It's okay. She'll understand.
- That's okay.
- You sure?
All right.
- Bye.
- Good luck.
- "And there were shepherds
living out in the fields nearby.
"keeping watch over
their flocks at night.
"an angel of the
Lord appeared to them
"and the glory of the
Lord shone around them
"and they were terrified."
- You made it.
- Wouldn't miss it.
Besides. it's the
hottest seat in town.
- Do not be afraid.
I bring you great news
that will cause great
joy for everyone.
Today in the town of David.
a Savior has been born to you.
He is the Messiah. The Lord.
This will be assigned to you.
You will find a baby
wrapped in cloths
and lying in a manger.
Glory to
God in the highest.
Peace on earth. Goodwill to men.
- Let's go to Bethlehem
and see this thing
that has happened.
which the Lord
has told us about.
- "So they hurried off
"and found Mary and
Joseph and the baby.
"who was lying in a manger."
no crib for a bed
lay down his sweet head
look down where he lay
asleep on the hay
She was just
wonderful. wasn't she?
- Chip off the old block.
Come here you!
Oh. I'm so proud of you!
Good job. baby.
You did so well.
- Do you like my crown?
- Yes. I love your crown.
I'm thinking of getting one.
- Oh. look at that.
- How do I look?
- Like an angel.
- Are you coming to my house?
- Well. baby.
Sadie has something
really. really important
to work on tonight.
but it was sweet of
her to come. wasn't it?
- Yeah. it was.
Thank you.
- Of course.
It was nice to meet you both.
Oh. you too. Merry Christmas.
- You too.
Hope we see you again soon.
- Bye.
- Aren't these cute.
Where'd you get these?
- I made them. Look at this one.
- Oh.
- You're supposed to wait
till after Christmas.
but Daddy keeps eating them.
Could you
teach me to make some?
- Sadie could.
- Who wants peanut brittle?
- I'll give it a try.
Thank you.
Hmm! Did you make this?
- No. you're surprised?
- I know you're not official
till after the 1st of the year.
but I think we can get
some of this before then?
- Oh. boy.
My profit margin's
decreasing already.
- A toast.
To Francie. the most convincing
angel I've ever seen.
To Francie.
- Well done. baby.
- Hmm! You should invite
Sadie over for Christmas.
- Yay!
- Sure.
- That's something
to think about.
Hi. Sadie.
- Hey. Beth. how are you?
- Good. What can I get you?
- Oh. caffeine and sugar.
- You got it.
Anything else?
- Only if you have something
that can help me
come up with an idea.
- I wish I did.
- I think I'm trying so
hard. my mind is blank.
- Same thing happens to me.
It's the pressure to create.
I try to get my mind off of
what I'm trying to think about.
and that's when it hits me.
It's like it's so obvious.
Like it's been there all along.
- Okay.
My mind is a clean slate.
I'm thinking about nothing.
- Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
There it is.
Right in front of me.
- What is?
- You're a genius.
I've gotta get to work.
Thank you!
- You're welcome.
- I'm never gonna
get this all done.
I could use some help after all.
Okay.
See you soon.
Thanks.
I thought I could
get everything done.
but the houses got
stuck in the snow.
and there just
isn't enough time.
- We're glad you called.
- You are?
- Yeah.
It's nice to think you still
need us once in a while.
- How many nights have
we spent right here?
Valentine's Day and Easter.
trying to make all the chocolate
so we could fill all the orders.
- We always got
them done didn't we?
- Well. it's going to
take a miracle this time.
- Even if you don't get
every last detail done.
it's going to be great.
- But I wanted everything
to be perfect for you.
- Oh. sweetie. It already is.
Why don't you take
a little break?
We'll keep working.
- I'm not leaving you guys here.
- We can handle it.
Go get something to eat.
We'll be here when you get back.
Go!
- Okay. Okay.
It finally came to me.
You were right.
What'd you say?
I said
you were right.
You didn't have to come.
- Yeah. I did.
I had to hear it in person.
I'm not
saying it again.
That's all
right. I recorded it.
Play it back whenever I want.
- Do you ever get
that hint of sadness
right before Christmas?
Because you know all the
anticipation is almost over?
- I guess so. Yeah.
- That's how I feel tonight.
Excited with a hint of sad.
Tomorrow's the party.
then Christmas.
and you'll be the chocolatier.
- Yeah.
Honestly. I don't know how
I'm gonna do this without you.
I'm not ready.
Yes. You are.
- Sweet of you to think so.
But you both know I'm not.
- You don't have to do
everything yourself. Alex.
- Really?
That's the case. why don't I
come back and help you tonight?
- I would say. okay. but I
want it to be a surprise.
Why?
- You may have played a very
small part in my inspiration.
I think you'll like it.
- I played a part. huh?
- If you hadn't talked me
into ordering the
gingerbread houses.
and they hadn't been delayed.
I never would have been
forced to do something else.
- So I make problems
and you solve them?
Sounds like you're saying
we make a great team.
- Is that what you heard?
- Mm-hmm.
I wanted to thank you.
Really made this a special
Christmas for Francie.
- She's an easy kid to like.
- And she really likes you.
She's gonna miss
you after you leave.
- I'll miss her too.
She may wanna
come visit sometime.
- She should.
- I would have to
be there. of course.
she's too young
to fly by herself.
- Of course. and
I'll come home too.
To visit my parents.
- I bet they'd like that.
- I hope so.
- I'm sorry.
One second.
I have to pick up Francie.
- I need to get back too.
Hi. you've reached
Sadie's phone.
I'm not here right now.
so please leave a message.
- Sadie. I was able to
get a flight after all.
So I'll be home for Christmas.
So I'll give you a
call when I get in.
Maybe we could get together?
See ya.
- Do you think she'll like it?
- I think she'll love it.
Okay. "To Sadie from
Francie and Alex."
- You should write love.
- And you should go get dressed.
Go on. I'll finish this.
Remember to brush your teeth.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Merry Christmas.
- Hey. Lisa. Come in.
- Hey
- How are you?
Good.
good. How are you?
- Pretty decent. Pretty decent.
- I can't stay. but
this is for Francie.
- Oh. great. She's upstairs.
We were just finishing
this gift for Sadie.
- This tree looks amazing.
- Yeah.
- You do this.
- Not entirely. Sadie helped.
- Who's this Sadie?
- Her parents own Annedore's.
the place I'm buying.
- That was very nice of you
to buy their daughter a gift.
- Well. that was
entirely Francie's idea.
She really likes her.
What?
- Nothing.
It's nice.
- It's a business relationship.
And she's been helping
me out at the shop.
so I'm helping her
with her parents' retirement
party. that's all.
- You don't have to
explain anything to me.
- We're just friends. Lisa.
- Alex. It's okay.
I want you to find somebody.
And Laura would want
that for you too.
Not just you. Francie
needs someone.
She has you.
- It's not really the same.
- Well. it doesn't matter.
She's only here for Christmas.
- Well. have you told
her how you feel?
- Not in the exact words.
- Okay. so used the exact words.
- What if she doesn't feel
the same? Then it's...
- Oh. women do not
just come to your house
and decorate your tree and
spend time with your child
because they have a business
relationship with you.
- They don't. huh?
Don't think so.
Hi. you've
reached Sadie's phone.
I'm not here right now.
So please leave a message.
- I'm not sure if
he got my message.
but I'm back and thought
we could get together.
Call me.
- Did you know he plans on
outsourcing his peanut brittle?
- No. I didn't know that.
But it's not a bad idea.
since we only make it
around the holidays.
- But it's not just the brittle.
He's going to change everything.
- Well. it's going
to be his store.
- Really?
You don't care anymore?
- I've cared for
over 40 years. Sadie.
I've had my say.
now it's his turn.
Alex can do whatever he wants.
- I'll go talk to her.
- Why am I the
only one who cares?
- Is it really the brittle
that's got you so upset?
- He has a girlfriend.
I asked him if he did
and he said he didn't.
Why would he do that?
- Are you sure?
I mean. that doesn't
sound like him.
- That's what I thought
too. but I was wrong.
- Sorry.
- Oh. I'm just so embarrassed.
- Hey. ah. if anyone's
embarrassed. it should be Alex.
It's an early Christmas gift.
What is it?
- Let's find out.
I thought you might want
something new to wear tonight.
- It's beautiful. Thanks. Mom.
- Sure.
It's more beautiful on you.
- You look pretty. Daddy.
- Pretty. huh?
That's what I was going for.
- And smell good too.
- Thank you.
Hey. remember Aunt Lisa's coming
to get you ready for the party.
Daddy has to do something first.
but I'll meet you there. okay?
- Okay.
bells. jingle all the way
in a one horse open sleigh
- Hey!
Hi. you've
reached Sadie's phone.
I'm not here right now.
So please leave a message.
- So I don't know if you
got my earlier message.
but I came back to see you.
What are you doing
for Christmas?
You're probably busy.
So just thought. I'd say
Merry Christmas. Sadie.
- What are you doing here?
- I've been wanting
to talk to you.
- Now's not a good time.
- Please. it's important.
I'm afraid if I don't
tell you this now.
then it's gonna be too late.
- I already know what
you're going to say.
- Really?
I don't even know
what I'm gonna say.
- You don't have
to say anything.
I just wish you would
have been honest with me.
- I haven't been
dishonest with you.
- I asked you if you had a
girlfriend and you said no.
- I don't.
- I saw you with her
at the coffee shop.
The morning we met.
- You mean the day you told
Taylor I was the Scrooge.
and I was stealing Christmas?
- You were listening
to my conversation?
- Couldn't help it. you were
sitting right next to me.
- Then you knew how I
felt about Annedore's.
- If I had known you then I
wouldn't have bought the place.
- That's just it.
You couldn't have known.
I didn't.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
It's yours.
And I wish you all the luck.
- She's my sister-in-law.
- Your sister-in-law?
- Hmm. Lisa.
Laura's sister.
- I've gotta get this
to the hotel. so.
- Let me carry it.
Please. let me drive. The
roads are getting slick.
- Okay.
- Did I tell you
I like your dress?
- No. you didn't.
- Well. I do.
You look nice.
- So do you.
Thanks. Francie
picked up my tie.
- Where is Francie?
- She'll be there.
- I hope people will still
come in this weather.
- If they don't. you're gonna
have a lot of leftover food.
- You're always
thinking about food.
- Have a question.
The first time we met.
you acted like you
didn't recognize me.
Why didn't you say anything?
- I hoped you hadn't seen me.
- Trust me. I saw you.
And the reason I showed
up at Annedore's earlier.
I wanted to...
- Maybe talk about this later?
I just wanna focus on the party.
- Yeah. Yeah. sure.
This is great.
Isn't it?
Oh. this place.
I'll be right back.
- Okay.
Here's your receipt.
- I think there's
been a mistake.
I can't pay for this.
- It's already been paid.
- Thank you.
- Oh. I got that.
Thanks so much.
Oh. yeah. Thank you.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
- I don't think your
Ebenezer. not even close.
- That might be the nicest
thing you've ever said to me.
- You're not at all who I
thought you were going to be.
- So. why did I tell ya?
- Wow. It looks incredible.
- Yeah. it does.
- I can't believe it.
You did all of this for us?
It's
absolutely beautiful.
Well. it was all Sadie.
- No. it wasn't.
I couldn't have done any of it
if it weren't for all of you.
Taylor helped me decorate.
Alex found this amazing room.
and Mom and Dad were
here to help me finish.
I have a surprise.
- Oh.
- Wow.
Annedore's.
It's brilliant.
- It was your idea to do
one big gingerbread
house all along.
- I can't think
of anything better
than making a gingerbread
house out of the place
that brought us the most joy.
and with the people that have
brought me even more joy.
Shall we toast?
To sweet
endings and new beginnings.
For all of us.
- Wait.
Wait. sorry.
I don't think I can do this.
I mean. you guys have
such a wonderful business.
but I'm not the
right person for it.
Sadie is.
Christopher.
Hey. congratulations.
We must be getting
old now. you know?
- You can't back out.
- Sadie. this has been your
dream from the beginning.
I'm not taking that from you.
- What's going on?
- Alex thinks that I want
Annedore's. so he's backing out.
- What's wrong?
- Alex thinks that
Sadie wants Annedore's.
and that's why he's backing out.
- Is this true?
- I'm sorry. Daddy.
I told him not to.
- It was always my dream
that you would take
over Annedore's.
I didn't think you wanted it.
- Daddy-
- We just want you
to be happy.
- I am.
I can't do this to you.
- Yes. you can.
I can find another business.
One that needs to
change and grow.
Not one that's already perfect.
- We're not perfect.
We need new equipment and
we could open a new location
and expand our
existing product line.
- Are we still retiring?
- I'll need a partner.
- I'm listening.
- 50/50.
I promise to listen to your
ideas if you listen to mine.
- I love you.
That's what I've been
trying to tell you.
- I love you too.
Is that a yes?
- Sadie! Sadie!
We got you something
from me and Daddy.
- You did?
- Sadie. this is Lisa.
Lisa. Sadie.
- Hi. It's very nice
to finally meet you.
- I've heard a lot about
you from both of them.
- Open it!
- Okay.
It's you and Daddy.
She picked
it out herself.
- Thank you.
let nothing you dismay
was born on Christmas Day
from Satan's power
comfort and joy
the blessed angels came
- Can I get
everybody's attention?
Tonight is special.
and not just because
it's Christmas Eve.
but because we're surrounded
by all our friends.
We got quite a surprise tonight.
Not only are we retiring.
but our dear Sadie is coming
home to run Annedore's
with her new business
partner. Alex Mitchell.
Alex. Francie. welcome
to the Annedore family.
And Sadie. welcome home.
We couldn't be happier.
Do you hear?
- Baby. let me
hold you.
- Ho. ho. ho!
Merry Christmas.
Have you been a good
girl this year. Francie?
What do you want for Christmas?
- I already have it.
merry Christmas
and a happy new year
wherever you are
merry Christmas
and a happy new year
- When I was a little girl.
I was sure that Annedore's
was a magical place.
And if you look in the window...
- That's me.
- And I'm going to teach you.
just like my dad taught me.
and his dad taught him.
- And you taught Daddy.
Mm-hmm.